To play this game you must move between locations and interact with objects by typing one or two
word commands.

Some commands are motion commands.  These will move you from room to room. Motion commands include:

UP, DOWN, EAST, WEST, NORTH, SOUTH

Not all motions are possible in every room. In addition, some rooms may have "special" or "secret"
motion commands.

There are other action commands in the game. These include:

COMMANDS: this will print the moves that are legal in a given room.

HELP: this will display instructions

INVENTORY: this will print your current inventory.

BALANCE: this will print the amount of coins you currently have.

LOOK: this will print the description for the current room.

TAKE <object>: this will take an object from a room and place it in your inventory. Replace <object>
with the name of the object to take. The object must be present in the room in order to take it.

DROP <object>: this will drop an object in your inventory. Replace <object> with the name of the object
to drop. The object must be in your inventory to drop it.

SHOP: this will display the instructions related the game shop, where you can buy power-ups and sell
objects.

BEG <NPC>: this will beg the NPC for help. Replace <NPC> with the name of the NPC. The NPC must be in
the room, and it must be a friendly NPC.

FIGHT <NPC>: this will fight the NPC. Replace <NPC> with the name of the NPC. The NPC must be in the
room.

TYPE <NPC>: this will display the NPC's type and whether it is hostile or friendly. Replace <NPC> with the
name of the NPC. The NPC must be in the room.

If you defeat a hostile NPC, your reputation points will increase by 15 points but not exceed 100 points.
If you defeat a friendly NPC, your reputation points will decrease by 50 points but will not go below 0 points.

Try to avoid fighting friendly NPCs because fighting friendly NPCs reduces your reputation points. If
your reputation is too low, you might not receive help from friendly NPCs the next time you beg.

Some paths may be blocked.  To unblock a path you may need a specific object to be in your inventory,
unless you own an active Master Key.

The game is over when your player reaches the VICTORY room, or when your player DIES by entering a trap
room or losing all their health points.

